The Prophet (ﷺ) said, "He who is not merciful to others, will not be treated mercifully."
The Prophet (ﷺ) said, Enjoining, all that is good is a Sadaqa."
The Prophet (ﷺ) said, "Everyone will be with those whom he loves."
Narrated Jubair bin Mut`im: That he heard the Prophet (ﷺ) saying, "The person who severs the bond of kinship will not enter Paradise."
The Prophet (ﷺ) said, "The real patience is at the first stroke of a calamity."
The Prophet (ﷺ) said, "Angels do not enter a house in which there is a dog or there are pictures."
The Prophet (ﷺ) said, "Facilitate things to people (concerning religious matters), and do not make it hard for them and give them good tidings and do not make them run away (from Islam).
The Prophet (ﷺ) said, "Oppression will be a darkness on the Day of Resurrection."
The Prophet (ﷺ) said, "The most superior among you (Muslims) are those who learn the Qur'an and teach it."
The Prophet (ﷺ) said, "Abusing a Muslim is Fusuq (an evil doing) and killing him is Kufr (disbelief)."
Allah's Messenger (ﷺ) said, "Allah said, 'I am to my slave as he thinks of Me."
The Prophet (ﷺ) said, "Faith (Belief) consists of more than sixty branches. And Haya is a branch of faith."
Allah's Messenger (ﷺ) said, "Whoever observes fasts during the month of Ramadan out of sincere faith, and hoping to attain Allah's rewards, then all his past sins will be forgiven."
Narrated Asma bint e Abu Bakr, Allah's Messenger (ﷺ) has cursed such a lady as artificially lengthening (her or someone else's) hair or gets her hair lengthened."
The Prophet (ﷺ) said, "If a man spends on his family (with the intention of having a reward from Allah) sincerely for Allah's sake then it is a (kind of) alms-giving in reward for him."
Allah's Messenger (ﷺ) was asked about Al-Bit. He said, "All drinks that intoxicate are unlawful."
Allah's Messenger (ﷺ) said, "There are angels at the mountain passes of Medina (so that) neither plague nor Ad-Dajjal can enter it."
The Prophet (ﷺ) said, "If somebody recited the last two Verses of Surat Al-Baqara at night, that will be sufficient for him."
The Prophet (ﷺ) said, "The effect of an evil eye is a fact." And he prohibited tattooing."
Allah's Messenger (ﷺ) said, "Avoid the Mubiqat, i.e., shirk and witchcraft."
The Prophet (ﷺ) said, "There is no disease that Allah has created, except that He also has created its treatment."
The Prophet (ﷺ) said, "A Muslim is the one who avoids harming Muslims with his tongue and hands. And a Muhajir (emigrant) is the one who gives up (abandons) all what Allah has forbidden."
The Prophet (ﷺ) said, "None of you will have faith till he wishes for his (Muslim) brother what he likes for himself."
The Prophet (ﷺ) said, "The signs of a hypocrite are three: Whenever he speaks, he tells a lie. Whenever he promises, he always breaks it. If you trust him, he proves to be dishonest."
Allah's Messenger (ﷺ) said: Islam is based on (the following) five (principles):To testify that none has the right to be worshipped but Allah and Muhammad is Allah's Messenger (ﷺ). To offer the (compulsory congregational) prayers dutifully and perfectly.To pay Zakat.To perform Hajj.To observe fast during the month of Ramadan.
The Prophet (ﷺ) said, "The most hated person in the sight of Allah is the most quarrelsome person."
The most frequent invocation of The Prophet (ﷺ) was: "O Allah! Give to us in the world that which is good and in the Hereafter that which is good, and save us from the torment of the Fire."
The Prophet (ﷺ) said, Whoever (man) wears silk in this world shall not wear it in the Hereafter."
Allah's Messenger (ﷺ) said, "The younger person should greet the older one, and the walking person should greet the sitting one, and the small number of persons should greet the large number of persons."
Allah's Messenger (ﷺ) said, "The prayer in congregation is twenty seven times superior to the prayer offered by person alone."
The Prophet (ﷺ) sent Mu`adh to Yemen and said, "Be afraid, from the curse of the oppressed as there is no screen between his invocation and Allah."
Allah's Messenger (ﷺ) said, "The strong is not the one who overcomes the people by his strength, but the strong is the one who controls himself while in anger."
Allah's Messenger (ﷺ) said, "From among the portents of the Hour are (the following) Religious knowledge will be taken away (by the death of Religious learned men).(Religious) ignorance will prevail.Drinking of Alcoholic drinks (will be very common).There will be prevalence of open illegal sexual intercourse.
The Prophet (ﷺ) said, "Do not tell a lie against me for whoever tells a lie against me (intentionally) then he will surely enter the Hell-fire."
The Prophet (ﷺ) said, "A single endeavor in Allah's Cause in the afternoon and in the forenoon is better than the world and whatever is in it."
The Prophet (ﷺ) said, "There is a tree among the trees which is similar to a Muslim (in goodness), and that is the date palm tree."
Allah's Messenger (ﷺ) said, "Allah said, 'O son of Adam! Spend, and I shall spend on you."
The Prophet (ﷺ) said, "Feed the hungry, visit the sick, and set free the captives."
Allah's Messenger (ﷺ) said, "If Allah wants to do good to somebody, He afflicts him with trials."
Two are the expressions which are light on the tongue, but heavy in scale, dear to the Compassionate One:" Hallowed be Allah and praise is due to Him" ;" Hallowed be Allah, the Great."